Got it.
Ning Yuanyuan does have a twin sister
Ning is called Ning Nuannuan
What a coincidence
Ning Nuannuan got pregnant 5 years ago
Locked up by the Ning family
Unexpectedly, the villa caught fire
Ning Nuannuan was born last month
accidental fire
Or did someone deliberately set the fire?
I don't know. It was a rainy night
There was no disagreement.
On a rainy night, what he is most afraid of is thunder
But in my opinion
These two Ning Nuannuan are not the same person
Ning Nuannuan of the Ning family looks outstanding
More beautiful than Ning Yuanyuan
And now this
No can't do
I'm going to find Nuannuan to prepare the car
Doctor, why are you here?